Provide instructions for implementing unit testing. (#71897)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/develop/test/ztest.rst

only the module will have to be compiled in, and the tested functions will be
called directly.

> Examples of unit tests can be found in ``tests/unit/``. In the following

Reviewer: looks like this is missing some kind of transition between the two sentences and an actual explanation of what needs to be done rather than "here's an example". Something like the below?

> In order to declare the unit tests present in a source folder, you need to add the relevant source files to the ``testbinary`` target from the :zephyr_file:`cmake/modules/unittest.cmake <unittest>` component. See a minimal example below: 
> ...
```

> Examples of unit tests can be found in ``tests/unit/``. In the following
> example CMakeLists.txt, note the use of ``COMPONENTS unittest`` in the
> ``find_package()`` command and the use of ``testbinary`` in the
> ``target_sources()`` command.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Examples of unit tests can be found in the :zephyr_file:`tests/unit/`` folder.
In order to declare the unit tests present in a source folder, you need to add
the relevant source files to the ``testbinary`` target from the
:zephyr_file:`unittest <cmake/modules/unittest.cmake>` component. See a minimal
example below: 
```
